introduce new crate: `antsi` (#1995)
hashintel/hash: libs/antsi/README.md

[license]: https://github.com/hashintel/hash/blob/main/libs/deer/LICENSE.md

# antsi

`antsi` is a no-std mini-crate that provides support for SGR[^1] codes (better known as ANSI escape sequences)

The name is a play on words and encapsulates the three goals of the crate:

- ant: small, productive and extremely useful (🐜)
- ansi: implementation of ANSI escape sequences
- antsy: restless as in fast, with near to no overhead (🏎️💨)

> The crate tries to be as correct as possible, with the goal of being not only a crate, but also a comprehensive reference about terminal support and related specifications.

Reviewer: While I think this is a great goal for the crate, I suggest we seek to "undersell and over-deliver" here, and avoid:

- claiming comprehensiveness
- committing ourselves to ongoing maintenance, making clear that correctness is claimed only at the point of publication (while we likely want to do this, we should gauge the initial reaction to `antsi` first)

```suggestion
The crate tries to be as correct as possible, acting both as a library and as an up-to-date reference guide regarding terminal support and related specifications (correct as of the time of publication).
```

## Example

```rust
use antsi::{BasicColor, Style, Font, FontWeight};

// effortless const support
const PANIC_STYLE: Style = Style::new().with_foreground(BasicColor::Red.bright().into());
const BOLD_STYLE: Style = Style::new().with_font(Font::new().with_weight(FontWeight::Bold));

fn knows_user() -> bool {
    true
}

fn main() {
    // dynamic style support
    let mut style = Style::new();

    if knows_user() {
        style = style.font_mut().set_strikethrough();
    }

    eprintln!("O no! {}", PANIC_STYLE.apply(format_args!("mainframe breach {} has been {}", style.apply("(from an unknown user)"), BOLD_STYLE.apply("detected"))))
}
```

## Contributors

> `antsi` was created by [Bilal Mahmoud](https://github.com/indietyp). It is being developed in conjunction with [HASH](https://hash.dev/). As an open-source project, we gratefully accept external contributions and have published a [contributing guide](https://github.com/hashintel/hash/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md) that outlines the process. If you have questions, please reach out to us on our [Discord server](https://hash.ai/discord). You can also report bugs [directly on the GitHub repo](https://github.com/hashintel/hash/issues/new?assignees=Alfred-Mountfield%2CTimDiekmann%2Cindietyp&labels=A-antsi%2CC-bug&template=bug-report-antsi.yml).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`antsi` was created by [Bilal Mahmoud](https://github.com/indietyp) for use in [`error-stack`](https://github.com/hashintel/hash/tree/main/libs/error-stack). It is being developed in conjunction with [HASH](https://hash.dev/) as an open-source project. We gratefully accept external contributions and have published a [contributing guide](https://github.com/hashintel/hash/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md) that outlines the process. If you have questions, please reach out to us on our [Discord server](https://hash.ai/discord?utm_medium=organic&utm_source=github_readme_hash-repo_libs-antsi-readme). You can also report bugs [directly on the GitHub repo](https://github.com/hashintel/hash/issues/new?assignees=Alfred-Mountfield%2CTimDiekmann%2Cindietyp&labels=A-antsi%2CC-bug&template=bug-report-antsi.yml).
```

> `antsi` was created by [Bilal Mahmoud](https://github.com/indietyp). It is being developed in conjunction with [HASH](https://hash.dev/). As an open-source project, we gratefully accept external contributions and have published a [contributing guide](https://github.com/hashintel/hash/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md) that outlines the process. If you have questions, please reach out to us on our [Discord server](https://hash.ai/discord). You can also report bugs [directly on the GitHub repo](https://github.com/hashintel/hash/issues/new?assignees=Alfred-Mountfield%2CTimDiekmann%2Cindietyp&labels=A-antsi%2CC-bug&template=bug-report-antsi.yml).

Reviewer: I've created an @hashintel/antsi team. Not sure if we can use this as the assignee instead here.

Author: 🤔 after looking into it, it seems that the URL parameter version here does not work for people that are not at least contributors. We might want to move this into the template instead
